> "We are a generation of computer scientists feeded by hate."
        
This is a moment in history in which software has come out for the first time from the academic and amateur circles to basically every aspect of our daily life.

Even if you live the most sheltered of lives, software ran all around the world influenced you and the environment you're immersed.

As we all know, software enabled some designer to design and build the furniture you're lying so comfortably in, software is being used directly and indirectly by your friends to reach to you, software runs both the radio and television stations you're enjoying that much, software is being used in controlling the air traffic on top of your head, such that your driveway remains clear from any 737 debris, software carefully regulates the fuel intake of the car you use to go buying your groceries...

There is one catch, tho, and is not a small one: the world still has not learnt to properly write software. Everyone does his or her best, but the sheer complexity of writing software is so daunting, lots of missteps are, and will be made. The more software is complex, the more ignorant we are in building it.

But what is one of the most complex kind of software? Right. Software used to design and build software itself.

We, like you, craft the best software we can, bytes by bytes, as the best as we can trying to bend a machine we can't fully understand to do things we barely comprehend, learning everyday, and hitting rough edges in both our and our peers' systems, accumulating hate and tension for not reaching the goal we need to reach.

While it may seem definitely rude, we believe that shouting and venting your frustration relieves and disracts you enough to forget your troubles, or even identify solutions to problems you could not see before.

This is a website for us to express our hate to our loved tools.

Join us
-------

We're not an egoistic elite group of haters, you can join us anytime by forking [our repository on github](https://github.com/informateci/sucks), and filing merge requests.

We just reserve an "editorial right" in choosing what we'll merge back in.

What do we hate
---------------

* [The Web](#the.web)
